hey guys Hatake cue the interrupts OH -
right now you're probably thinking
answer it's not a holiday what are you
doing well if you learn anything for me
it should be that it's not have to be a
holiday for you to eat a lot of food
anyway since it's June we're making
lasagna why I don't know because it's
June but save the questions for later
let's let's start it never made this on
yes or have a recipe right here which is
probably a smart idea because it's
probably gonna turn out that either way
first step is to preview thousand who
would have known not me because I almost
forgot the next step is to boil water
and put the lasagna in it which is all
week and at a 65 percent lower with
scenic index sounds healthy
this is the bolt pan you'll be using
today because it's nice and big and it's
good for lasagna
well the wait for the water well we can
start to prepare the cheese stuff that
is time efficiency learning so here is
their bowl and I think we just put
everything in there it makes it I'm not
circle when am I ever sure exactly
so the first cheese be needed is ricotta
cheese but I don't know what that is so
I'm using cottage cheese they sound the
same so I'm guessing that it'll work
in Czech Plus you know this stuff looks
disgusting it looks like a lot of sheep
were rounded up I'm just gonna stop
there
now the recipe asks for like seven other
cheeses but this is the only cheese I
have so we're just gonna go with that
and hopefully it will turn out good
which it won't
what is ready okay how are they supposed
to fit these Pig noodles in here oh gosh
this isn't working
get in there next the recipe says to
ages in here which I didn't know and I
didn't plan for so I'm just gonna cross
my fingers and go to the fridge and hope
we have eight okay guess what we don't
have eggs salt and pepper okay we have
that I don't know how much now it says
to make slow even though there's only
one thing in this bowl I guess we should
mix it now it's just a saute the garlic
but what check don't know how to do so
skipping that part as well
this water is getting really loud can
you be quiet
thank you now that the noodles are done
I don't really know what to do because
if you haven't noticed already
I'm not following the recipe so I'm a
little lost
I'll admit oh my gosh I almost forgot if
you're a vegetarian like myself you
might want to put it in a vegetable like
this green thing I don't know what this
is but it was in our first so I'm gonna
cut it make sure you don't cut your
finger because that would really hurt
and I don't think you want to do that
that looks like enough now that I think
everything's ready you're gonna put it
all in here yep that's all there is to
so here's our noodles and let's get this
puppy on the show Road something
and not sure how I'm gonna get these
noodles out because this is not working
okay oh okay I'm getting any method yeah
now we're gonna do something so too long
okay I did not sign up for this I don't
know what to do why did I want to make
lasagna I could have easily made cereal
if this video made you one lasagna then
make it and leave a video response or
just go to Olive Garden I would
recommend that now there's some of this
look at this
we're moving along pretty quickly you
guys can't see what I'm doing but that's
cuz it's gonna plan ahead and I chose a
bad camera angle and I'm sorry get over
it now are you surprised this is not
working I don't know what I'm doing now
we put pizza sauce or tomato sauce I
don't care what it is but I can't get it
open
you got it thank you some of the screen
stuff seems like the right time I'm not
really sure how many times have I said
that in this video
I'm not really sure now I'm sprinkling
cheese on it
because was I has cheese in it I bought
this piece of Walgreens who knew
Walgreens had cheese now more noodles
okay I'm gonna be different this time
and make the noodles and go the other
way because being different is always
good or at least that's what lady
told me now I'm going to put the rest of
this and then the rest of this and then
the rest of this and then the rest of
this and then the rest of this ya know
where she's on top because that's good
we're going on oops oh okay
vote or something
it looks maybe a little messed up but I
don't know how I'm pretty happy about
this I don't know about you guys now we
put it in for an hour
wow that's longer than I saw and now we
wait oh no oh my god okay I don't know
what to do okay it has fallen down life
alert blanks alert okay I need paper
towel no we don't have your towels
why is in this family oh my gosh who
took the last one what do i do I don't
know what to do I don't know what to do
at this point
this is what it looks like not right no
no that does not look good
maybe this cycle look good no Doubt's
just as bad
well maybe you can get a jump at pasta
house as a janitor